Terrain profile
A terrain profile for the radio path is required for the application of the propagation prediction method.
In principle, this consists of three arrays each having the same number of values, n, as follows:
di: distance from transmitter of i-th profile point (km) (1a)
hi: height of i-th profile point above sea level (m) (1b)
gi = hi + representative clutter height of i-th profilepoint (m) (1c) --------- Unused
where:
i: 1, 2, 3 ... n = index of the profile point
n: number of profile points.
There must be at least one intermediate profile point between the transmitter and the receiver. Thus n
must satisfy n  3. Such a small number of points is appropriate only for short paths, less than of the
order of 1 km.

Note that the first profile point is at the transmitter. Thus d1 is zero and h1 is the terrain height at the
transmitter in metres above sea level. Similarly, the n-th profile point is at the receiver. Thus dn is the
path length in km, and hn the terrain height at the receiver in metres above sea level.
No specific distance between profile points is given. Assuming that profiles are extracted from
a digital terrain elevation model, a suitable spacing will typically be similar to the point spacing of
the source data. The profile points are not required to be equally-spaced, but it is desirable that they
are at a similar spacing for the whole profile

TABLE 2
Default information for clutter-loss modelling
Clutter type  Add to profile equation   Terminal clutter losses § 4.7      Terminal clutter loss model
              (1c) for i = 2 to n - 1   and add to profile equation (1c)
                                        for i = 1 and n
Water/sea       0                       10                                 Equation (64b)
Open/rural      0                       10                                 Equation (64b)
Suburban       10                       10                                 Equation (64a)
Urban/forest   15                       15                                 Equation (64a)
Dense urban    20                       20                                 Equation (64a)







